And I am with the rescue of the takes because what he has done, I don't think he's at all.
What he has done, he issued charges which would rob the two-year man, one sitting in my
left, one in my right, who have done so much to fight this coming of conspiracy.
But he has done his issue of charges which is to be released by the American people.
It would rob them of their reputation.
It would rob them of their jobs.
I don't think there's some concern about their jobs, but I am concerned about their
reputation.
So you give your recall to testimony of this secretary of the Army about who we're talking
on that with Mr. Henry Mouset.
Yes, but in which he said that if he were sitting up there, where he's there,
he'd not have faced any of the prisoners who's sitting as a judge,
that he on the basis of the testimony about which he personally knew would
lend me a verdict of not giving him Mr. Frank Carl.
You call the suspect so testimony, but I don't think that was exactly the same.
The more he got the burden of his testimony, the more likely he would be to claim on the basis of what he knew
and on the basis of the testimony that has been in the business after that time.
I think that was a good one.
You think that is essentially correct?
That's right.
Now, the testimony is healthy.
He launched it to my life.
The question produced the life run.
You talked about his life, Mr. Secretary of the Army had.
I'm not concerned about his advisors, who they are, whether it was found or unsound the price that he had.
The priority is coming to Washington.
At the invitation of the President and accepting this high command, he was known.
And one of the great industrial districts that he went to.
I think that's right.
And as far as you know, Senator, he's striking and he's reputation.
As a business man, as a family man, as a religious man, in all of his relationships and lives, they're above the post-twenties.
I frankly know nothing about his background.
And as you say, I'm really thankful to him, he ran to the man he took in the steam of his poverty.
I think there's no problem.
And as you say, that's the thing.
And as you say, that he made a few attempts.
And as we've seen, he had some more sense back in the United States.
So, let's know, I don't know.
And Senator, you say that in your opinion, he has from found the time he has been ill-advised, and you attribute his mistakes.
To his life, to misguide his life on the part of his frame, so called.
That's essentially what he said.
Mr. Democratic, and I'm actually a president.
I think one of the four of whom, definitely, they called that, about taking the stockings of these companies.
When he wanted to be one of the subpoenas of the Long-Oven Board Council,
nevertheless, he didn't build up a false story.
He said, in effect, that you were told, there's really nothing serious that's really exaggerated.
Now, if he were a dishonest man, he could have very well built up a story.
Just further evidence of the enhanced honesty of the security I need to send him a text.
I think you're right.
As well as the testimony, the party that he had used, he would nevertheless, whether he could not do the against right car,
on the basis of the returns as of that moment.
That's why I didn't use comments.
I think that's the front-way, first.
So, if we would say of this clearly, the Army, Senator MacIvey, as a good moment,
and then we all have been saying in all good conscience, not for the purpose of making him feel good,
not for the purpose of soothing the wounds of his family.
Our building in a fine position brings the leaders family,
but in the midst of the heart and conscience, that's to the very core, to his very core.
We believe that Robert D. Stevens is essentially unfunneringly an army whose food is now in a security door.
The minister of the Security, the minister of the government, will assign some conditions of the report,
citing this conduct, for there was no conduct.
I found nothing remotely to sound about Bob Stevens.
May I say, Mr. President, I sincerely hope that when we see rings are over,
that I'm going to get him stuck down with Secretary Stevens,
and work out the type of cooperation which we have for some time,
I have no idea what to offer for Secretary Stevens.
May I say, pardon me for repeating, I think he was badly most shocked if I can use that phrase.
I don't believe he knew that he was having a shopped call by the political adviser of the opposite party,
and I'm not criticizing the political adviser for some of that party for doing that.
If he could get away with it, if he could destroy the Republican party in that fashion,
if he felt the party should be destroyed, he may have felt that was his job,
but may I say this, this is an illusion.
I do think, I do think Mr. Jenkins that one of these things that we must get to the bottom of,
to find out who was calling this shop because Mr. Vimeo 30 fucking bought his name,
he had me appear to be clever to have the chief political adviser one party calling the shop for the other party.
In that word, it continues to mean the elimination of the two party systems,
if we don't have a two party system, then Mr. Republican survive.
I'm chosen as the number of hard-ears on our understanding,
until we decided we released this to Zom Marte since our leader of the share.
I'm not going to let you about that, I'm not going to let you go.
From the day upon which he met the Secretary of the Army to withdraw,
he is the F11950B to the tenth day of March 19154.
You never saw one act on his mark, I did you hear one word from his list,
that would cause you to think that he was anything, but from the middle end essentially,
an army full of the fear, man of integrity and high character,
that is why this is something that would be a question of these workers and some of them.
This is the description of the political system.
We're turning to the conscious, then we do what you have to say about the Secretary of the Army.
Let me ask you this question.
And these are not quick questions, as I say, from a very...
We are the five-zone of this drama and the curtain was turned down,
and the characters were walked from the stage.
And the second day I know what the members of the family were just saying,
they were making the worst of things.
Wouldn't you say something to McCartney?
The nine-line.
The others, even who they just stuck a day in the army?
I don't, I'm not asking you to say to these perfect.
I've made no mistakes.
But nine-line, from sitting again, you know that hard-fought,
and the title of no-high, negative, or low, and negative, is a sudden.
But considering the things you said about him,
is how the few George Communist is a part of the ocean to the army.
His love to the army, his zealousness,
far the army, and his welfare, and his pain,
wouldn't you say now that by and large, the Secretary of the Army,
could take lessons, I accept.
Let's move to the listening, let's jump in.
I think the district's brilliant.
We're making much better Secretary of the Army number one, number two.
I need your attention, much too.
And then, surely, John Arborvanis-Pyca.
I think you'll be much better Secretary of the Army than Secretary of the Army.
You know that when it's pretty high, we're seeing enemies,
and we're just saying.
To talk to the enemy, we're seeing the ladies, we're seeing enemies.
I think you'll talk about a same mistake, I think you'll see a very rough school.
I think you know a lot more about Washington's politics now.
When it came down, I think the size of the day,
to do inputters like the areas of the army down 20 months ago.
In some of the McCarthy's, you were the President of the United States.
Knowing what you know, knowing what you know about the speech even today,
you were not removing respect to the army, you were seeing.
Mr. Derrickson, who's the President of the Army?
I am a guy, I mean, don't go to make a need.
I am a exerciseist, I can use those to these big and huge.
The guy we have told, he's made it look great, he's learned his lesson.
He's been to go in space for a lawyer, a man to choose for,
man, not a bother, not a big thing to do.
Mr. Derrickson, what's your name?
Mr. Derrickson's my name is Frank William.
And then, it's a lot of practice to have upon Bob Steven of the future
if I were to advise them to keep him on.
Do you mind if I don't even bother him?
I think much you want, Mr. Derrickson.
Much you want, Mr. Derrickson.
You think you're the country of human beings.
I think the community and the public have,
and the people of the country, the people of the country,
you like Bob, it's a lot of Steven's opinion for this.
I think you do have tons of confusion in getting your cost of generation
of human, over a decade or several days,
that they will sum up the friendship, even bothering on affection.
That's why I'm between you and the six-day of the night.
Yes, I can say for you, Mr. Derrickson, as of this moment,
I have no ill feelings, from the over-the-cord Bob Steven,
but for the decisions, I would like to flag her up on answering,
whether or not the president should keep him on.
And I'm sorry for the anxiety.
Yes, I would say, in one sentence,
I think that this is the part of Washington's politics
for concern, his very naive.
I think we have learned lessons.
I'm sure that he will be more hesitant to face the advice
of my Democrat friends, who come to find a director
of Republican Party, who's in the future.
But as an engineer, I, you and I,
I belong to Governor Smith.
And in all of you, put them on me, given the things
to lay down on yesterday afternoon, session,
and the morning session.
As I recall, Senator McCarty,
there was not a word, not a single charm,
I'll just honestly, I'll just come up,
on the part of the Secretary's office,
but these charges with the elected as all the members
so inexplicably against me for all of them,
on behalf of the adviser.
He's got not enough explanation from the last look
when we look at those way.
Aside from the Democratic Party now,
apart from the book written from,
sorry, took an afternoon,
instead of waiting like it's sunny with transcripts,
and took it around as a chunker,
trying to get them to follow up the investigation.
And aside from the charges,
which were finally issued,
and I don't know what's the party play about at all,
but I don't know of any new time
that I'm the part of not even removed
when you look at the part of the Secretary.
And the poor Secretary knows
that these charges were put on,
as I recall, in the administration.
He was sitting inside and he was just sitting.
And this is our election and supervision.
Perhaps those members are the things to fight for,
and what's your job, maybe, any maintenance?
I must be sure that last look, Mr. Jenkins,
it appears now that there are newsmen
who have always been against the exposure of thunder,
who have always been against the Republican administration,
where the chief advantageers of Mr. Adam
long before the matter was brought to Mr. Steven's attention
and what parts they play in the drafting of the charges.
I frankly don't know.
I am in fine-affixed.
I am in fine-affixed that the state of the Mads
are very, very little to do with the drafting of the charges.
Now, some of the reasons of this death
are the value of a good name I think.
The mission is certain to part as I am concerned.
The charges here against Chief Thunder
remember to be far farther to use as impoverars.
To keep it soft by impoverry,
to get proper ensue,
to give their dispensation
for one particular Friday
out of millions of other soldiers in the army.
And some of them are casading.
I'm sure you realize that gravity in this case
is the most charges only are greater than the RTs.
I do not know.
It's extremely true. It's the charge of work.
You go with the army of the United States, Governor.
And the integrity of this subcommittee, do they not?
Yes, true. There would be extremely serious.
And the series charges whether it's true or whether it's unjeweled.
Impoverars the charges are concerned. But that isn't it, Governor?
The charges are extremely serious.
Now, some of them are casading. You have this.
You think it's shine as a member of this class?
That is correct.
I think it's only because it's warning that he was recommended
that comes to I call you. He comes.
He comes to call and others may have also recommended him.
These are the calls.
I'm not going to anyone else recommend you, young man.
Others have missed the call.
Well, I check that. I read enough to give their names.
I checked with a special number of newsmen in New York.
And I asked them what they knew about me.
I had the FBI give me an amtrak investigation.
I would say that he was hired largely upon the recommendation of Mr. Callum.
It's home team with you in January 1950s.
I think it was January 1950s.
Which young man's time follows by 18 days by 18 years.
Look here, there's a new week.
Here there's a few weeks.
You did not know, giant, tired of the tiny team of you committing this new subject?
That is not.
You did not ask the same thing that he had ever had in his field.
I was a member of an investigating staff in the running down communist.
Not that I remember when the investigation happened.
I saw that he had been working in the company of the former son last night.
What had he done?
What had he done on communism?
Some of it was besides the parties.
We had a definition of communism.
That's what he said to me.
He said to the homeless.
I gave it to the army.
A fairly important man put so far as well.
He had some talk with him.
I found that he had been living in the past a lot of time.
On the question of psychological warfare,
I thought otherwise known as information program,
he apparently had been discussing a subject of the regime,
but people were interested in having his applications all about the man.
So here he had never had the one-day experience in targeting or interviewing the system,
but he was already working on the work of the regime.
I don't know if he ever had been in the target or not.
I need to come down here,
above the recommendation of Mr. Collins,
as an unsafe to himself.
As long as there's no problem.
Does he not think that I'm usually punished
that a young man of use,
the post-qualification group,
we just work in New York,
where we work with teams,
and come down here to Washington and join us faster.
As an unpaid man.
Well, I was a village in front for the fact that young man
was a little more fun than he was trying to be the sunshine
the Florida where they have all the hell.
So I'd be willing to spend one hour and a half every day
working for nothing, paying you the woman's money to
try and help us develop facts
having to do with the enemies of the country.
I was very much impressed.
I may have said that looking at you,
I'm both at your control,
who will work through the British dollar and youth,
and the women's need to pay a day of the dollar.
So I'm a good, I might say,
just a welcome, for example,
I understand this,
is good things for nothing,
and if I'm not even a brother,
I'd rather come in Mr. T.
than just add them so that,
don't think I'd hear you talk about that.
Did you know that he was supposed to be
to the grass when he joined you fast
and to MacIpean?
To remember certainly.
He has to claim that fact definitely
our team is near the part of July.
I've been to the New York July
and the Royal Bay of Louis in the States.
They have had them in Korea for a while,
for the rank of, I think they called it,
too late in the sound.
He had to find the getting the army to mainly,
because of a ruptured foot,
this is trying to qualify for air.
I hope that they were going to reexamine them.
I think that would be July,
a very wonderful July.
So, Senator Jean knew
in the early part of July and February,
before I'm not later than July 8th,
the safe shine had met all
unless you say the climate,
and qualifications were all in with me,
because I was up here in the United States Army, didn't you?
No, I didn't know what happened to them until after I heard that he passed
his political.
And then, Scott, when you went to General Reaver,
Senator, I had him come to your office,
and just to General Reaver,
the question of its direct commission position,
man shine.
What's the record, Mr. Democratic?
Mr. Johnson, by the way,
that I asked for information from Labour
before Dave's Mac is,
um, the draft has, but I'm not sure.
If you recall, the strengthening the question of the commission
to shine in general, we don't get anxious.
So, let's look for a look,
where I, I talked to Labour and asked him if he was,
tell Dave, how's it going for a commission?
I'm in a great place to remember that,
during all of my history with Senna,
I never asked for a commission for motion of anyone,
and that's how it was by Dave's and Senna,
and I'm anyone now,
to show Dave what form we should show out,
not the usual procedure, that happened, bro.
And Dave, are you saying that during your career as a senator,
you have never outside a commission
for any individual,
as far as violence and then,
as far as I know about it,
but I don't recall ever having asked for a commission.
You know General Labour?
You know it?
Ladies and gentlemen,
I thank the first time in camp my office.
So, many days in the fact that,
mainly in this one case and this one case alone,
you are generally wrong,
the eighth day of July,
far a Dalek commission,
permission, man, shine.
You've been out there since the MacArthur age of 30.
I would be generally with testimony of 844.
At that time Senna,
MacArthur informed me that he was very much interested
in obtaining a Dalek,
reserved for a commission for some thousand,
Mr. DJ, the DJ, the DJ, the shine.
Senna, did you do that or not?
No.
Did you do that or not?
Right.
Do you know why I'd never read over the so-called
100-Democritic?
All right, I was about to pull my own house from mine.
On reading further,
the 70-day party that was our record city felt
that Mr. Shine, because of his background,
I've investigated exchange
with the Committee of the Stony Qualified for a commission.
Did you tell him that fair, Democratic?
No, I gave him the background of the sign-on-half
and whether or not he would qualify for a commission.
I told him otherwise,
it would be a waste of his day of time to apply.
And River of that time told me that he would be
unquestionably qualified for a commission.
Then you were talking to him about a commission for the Shenmue,
right, Mark?
For personal emptying,
number one, how of wine, number two,
how they would qualify.
Why, can't you, MacArthur,
why would you have asked each general in the Army,
how a man would qualify for a commission?
Because Mr. Jenkins,
President of the Army,
has an office here in the front-off buildings.
They have a liaison man over here.
He is here for the purpose of answering the questions of some reason.
I have often had a general span, for example,
up to my office to get information
that the firm of him, which was requested by some of my young men
back in Wisconsin or any other part of the country,
but man, I make it clear Mr. Jenkins,
and I'm sure that the general span will testify to this.
I have always made it clear that I felt it was some sweetly unpopular
to exert any political influence to get a commission made from more to them.
It changed the duty order for anyone.
But we do, we do have a duty,
I feel, to the young man who writes me,
to the wives, to the mothers,
to one information that we call the liaison man,
I mean, just for that purpose, he's working for a man,
to get the information that they would request that a goal I just for days now.
Wasn't it simply a question of filling out a foreign senator in the
and in the fine for a commission in the United States?
I think they don't know.
You don't know.
And so you're in charge of General Reboot with how would he go about applying for a commission?
Is that right, Senator?
Well, it is more than I have seen with you,
it's explained to David Roy how he would go about
making applications very with pilots,
what particular plans to the service,
he might qualify him,
and if he would qualify in any branch,
would he be the client for a commission in that branch next month,
next month, and if he's taken,
I think that's the duty of any kind of interview.
Get a letter from me on the end,
who is next for a pensioner,
and some information over the late military,
I am saying,
can you use him any place,
and leave, not I?
Well, Senator,
had Shine written you set the letter requesting to you in his seat,
but how do you think that you make this other interstation of the House of Shine
with General in the House?
I'm sure you told me he won't apply for a commission,
ask me how it is.
You're a bother when I told him that the way it was on man,
I'd call him up and get the information for him.
I would like to send him a question,
whether or not on the occasion of your first conversation with General Weber,
you told him this time was the essence of this bar,
it was about to be active.
I'll be sure.
This seems quite interesting.
Well, I don't control that,
but I only have one time request for the first time request.
You only have one conversation.
Right.
Now, still is it?
Did he not accept that time tell General Weber that it was important
that you just feed the game of that time?
Mr. Jenkins, I don't know if you've put your reavers out the fight about it,
I may well have some of the reavers in title or commission.
He shouldn't proceed to a fine media place.
I don't know what he's going to do.
General Weber statement about it.
It was emphasized to me that there was a very definite necessity
to be seen in looking into the possibility of obtaining this commission.
Because the status of Mr. Shine under the selected service
acts as a family doctor chain.
Us to that collector.
I think you just did the important thing.
I think they know him.
I think about two minutes of reavers and I'm going to go with Mr. Shine.
I think Mr. Coles and that you're harder for state to apply,
after moving this inside of the commission.
With these qualifications you said yes,
that's an end of the interview.
When does we understand that you neither have met tonight.
What General Weber says about that?
That you may have or you could have said
that one's received in the dining of this commission
to visit your man on your face.
You go by, Senator.
Oh, I can say Mr. Jones is what I don't remember.
But if Mr. Weber said I did say it,
I think Mr. Weber was most likely telling the truth.
And Senator Ariel, ask him further.
First he does not tell General Weber I'm ready for you.
It keeps Mr. Coles from saying.